docs: provide example how to convert target addresses to source files in rules API (#20524)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/docs/writing-plugins/the-rules-api/rules-and-the-target-api.mdx

Then, to resolve the addresses, you can use `UnparsedAddressInputs`:

```python

> from pants.engine.addresses import Addresses, UnparsedAddressInputs

Author: Unused import

`SourceFilesRequest` expects an iterable of `SourcesField` objects. `SourceFiles` has a field `snapshot: Snapshot` with the merged snapshot of all resolved input sources fields.

> To convert a list of targets to source files on disk, you can request `HydrateSourcesRequest` for every input target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert a list of target addresses to existing source file names, you can request `HydratedSources` for every input target:
```
